Feature: parse messages as json (#245)
inrupt/solid-client-notifications-js: docs/api/source/index.rst

created, updated, deleted, or when a child resource is added to or removed from
a container.

.. admonition:: Supported Protocols
   :class: caution

   This library currently only supports an `early version of WebSocket
   notifications

>    <https://docs.inrupt.com/ess/1.1/services/service-websocket/>`__, which

Reviewer: So ... I might be a bit more explicit in that it supports ESS WebSocket notifications. 
And omit all about forming the basis of the Solid Notification Protocol ...

Author: I'll defer to @acoburn here.

Reviewer 2: Agree with Kay here. Let's just say "This library currently only supports ESS Websocket notifications."

   formed the basis of the Solid Notification Protocol 1.0 draft specification.

>    The `Solid Notification Protocol 1.0

Reviewer: I'm not quite sure what this paragraph is adding, since this library doesn't support the draft spec.  
Aside:  as a general rule of thumb, we try to avoid forward-looking statements in our docs. 

If you want to say that it's subject to change, that's okay.

Author: Yeah, that's the intent: there's a newer protocol, we'll be hopefully implementing it soon, but we don't currently implement it.

Reviewer 2: Please lets avoid making any roadmap statements in here.

   <https://solid.github.io/notifications/protocol>`__ is a draft specification
   undergoing technical review as it matures into a formal recommendation. A
   future release will support this draft specification once implementations
   become available. 
   

>    **Please note:** the `legacy (insecure) WebSocket

Reviewer: So ... I would refrain from labeling this as "insecure" because then people will ask you to enumerate in all ways you mean by insecure, etc. 
But will let @nicolasmondada  weigh in.

Author: This wording largely came from @acoburn — perhaps he can give some light on this.

Reviewer 2: Let's avoid using nouns on things we don't recommend support and be specific that "Inrupt" does not recommend it. Let's just say: "The legacy Websocket API, which is not recommended by Inrupt for secure messaging, is not supported  by this library

Author: The comment on security: https://github.com/solid/solid-spec/blob/master/api-websockets.md#status

>    **Please note:** the `legacy (insecure) WebSocket

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   **Please note:** the `legacy WebSocket
```

   <https://github.com/solid/solid-spec/blob/master/api-websockets.md>`__

>    mechanism, which is not recommended for secure messaging, is not supported by

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   API, which is not recommended by Inrupt for secure messaging, is not supported by
```
